hey guys this purge and I'm here with
two of novice players it is dendi and
puppy how are you guys doing I'm doing
good all right how do you guys think
you're gonna do against LGD in the
winner's bracket finals congrats on
winning by the way uh it's gonna be the
hardest game of like our whole year so
we're looking forward to it masters dare
good all right um so they haven't
actually dropped a game yet do you guys
think that you're going to be able to do
it you'll have two chances at least once
in the winner's bracket if you guys lose
their you'll plan again in the losers
bracket do you think gave a shot of
course we have a shot but I mean it
depends who is more prepared to win this
match I'm not really sure who is all
right how about the loser's bracket
teams IDK is currently playing against
IG everybody previously thought I G was
most likely gonna go most of the way as
well so do you think DK is going to
ultimately take the win Oh for now we
saw like the first game DK one I think
they made like some little mistakes
which they should not have done before
like they weren't doing before they did
those mistakes against us to decayed it
I think DK has learned much in this
tournament and and we will see all right
and dandy since you're really adamant
about staring at the fans you have
anything you'd like to save them all
right well uh thanks you think but wait
he want to say something good alright
guys thanks a lot for the interview good
luck in the future and back to you James
all right thank you purge we should just
go straight to the lineup as the guys
are already in bands and picks we don't
to miss that so here's the whole of Navi
absurd Moscow Russia dainty leave
Ukraine light of heaven Moscow Russia
puppy tartu estonia
I was give your green and that completes
the whole lineup and Navi and that was
the stair that Dendi gay Ferrari earlier
and it was meant for all five members of
the lgd team so really quickly guys
predictions who's gonna win him why Navi
like I'd Indy all right LGD there
they're a team he's like a remake of
rocky for you know Ivan Drago the big
guy who never loses inject stuff into
his arms navy bean rocky he's going to
get this I have no idea what's going on
with the panel today but all I can say
is the games are going to be amazing
we're going to go straight into this one
it's navi vs. LGD winner's bracket game
best of three winner will move on to the
grand finals and let's hand it over to
Toby and syndrome that's right welcome
to your winners bracket vinyl the last
hope remaining for nan China up against
the team who at this point has not